but we're definitely like in getting
closer to the middle of the pack and
we're in the middle of pack you can bust
out wins against any team right and
that's what you see us to well we're
close to wrapping up the first day of
week 7 coverage presented by Omni slash
and rain right now by hi who maybe this
is I think no disrespect the upset of
the split so far I mean a lot of people
would not have expected you to cap off
the the top team did you have this type
of expectation going into the match well
I would say if I go into a match
expecting to lose it's probably not a
good mentality you know I went into it
thinking that we can win and we can
definitely win if we play well and
that's the way I go about every game and
thankfully we played reloj especially
our bot lane and we pulled out the
victory a bit unexpected I'll give you
that well you know upsets happen no team
is perfect yeah what do you think what
do you think it contributed to the wind
the most I mean what aspects of your
game played what happened that game that
allowed you to pull out the win well if
you watch the game again we had a
massive lead through our bottling
through the plays that they did the
level one strategy and then they all end
up level one in lane and got the kill
and snowballed and we played around that
really well we kind of had a mishap in
the top lane where it took like a 33
youth that we probably shouldn't have
due to them being stronger on that side
however we played out the game pretty
well after that and we just stuck to our
winning condition and one this is the
fourth week in a row that you guys have
pulled off a win we might even see a
second one tomorrow who knows how the
cloud9 game will go but I'm kind of
curious what do you where would you
place going Guardians now you know how
good of a team do you think you are
compared to the other LCS teams well if
you compare our results from the second
half of the split to the first half at
the split it's like 3:1 recently and
then before is like 0-6 so we definitely
have a lot or a 4-1 maybe now I don't
know but it's been a lot of improvement
from our side and our team and I'd argue
that we're definitely not a 10th place
team sure we're not like first maybe but
we're definitely like in getting closer
to the middle of the pack and we're in
the middle of pack you can bust out wins
against any team right and that's what
you see us doing we're taking down top
teams
we're losing against lower teams it's at
our you know book where we're showing
I'm a Don when doing well there was a
lot of criticism
especially after the third or so week
where people were like oh get rid of all
these players or like get some imports
like you know the comments that I would
get on some of my interviews with golden
Guardians players were quite toxic
YouTube but the point is you know what
do you think about all these wins and
what does it say about the team
especially to the people who were so
against the roster and and the lineup
right so I would say none of us really
expected to go into the LCS going like
18 0 I don't think that's a realistic
expectation even with the group that we
have we were just driving to improve and
you can definitely see that week through
week through week and I don't really
need to say anything to the people that
hated on us our wins and our plays show
speaks for herself you know sure we're
not the best team in the world or even
an ia but we're definitely doing a lot
better than people had expected
especially for an all North American
team we're doing really well for the
resources that we have the players that
we have and we're we're making a name
for ourselves
you just beat echo fox for a while I
think a lot of people felt echo fox was
near untouchable I have you know I think
what they until recently only lost one
game what do you think of echo fox after
having played them well they definitely
a strong team you can look at the last
time we played rhythm I believe they got
like a 5,000 gold lead in 12 13 14
minutes and kind of just crushed just
really hard so they're definitely a
really good team however that doesn't
mean that the other teams are worse
right maybe if they're an STR team on
our team like a b-tier team can beat
them right so they're strong but they're
not perfect as I believe a legends team
so I would say people shouldn't
underestimate them or expect them to do
bad and playoffs but they're not
undefeatable for sure Tony who I just
interviewed from CLG similar position to
you guys he says the playoff dreams are
still alive for CLG or the playoff dream
still alive for golden Guardians well
I'm a pretty optimistic kind of person
but at the same time I'm realistic I
think we need to win the next five games
to even have a chance of getting to
playoffs like even if we in the next
five I don't know if that guarantees us
in right so the odds are definitely
against us and it's like a very small
chance of us winning but at the same
time it's not like I haven't been in
this position before
I've had to go through like the gauntlet
run and all this other crap in the past
that you know no one expected us to do
and then we did you know so there's
nothing a chance a bit it's not a big
one but you know I'm clinging to the
hope that we can do it there was some
doubt also when Tyler came in as the
coach people weren't familiar with them
and and felt maybe he wasn't the best
suited individual what do you think of
him now that he's been coaching you guys
for awhile and how much is he
contributing to the recent success I
would say for people that didn't expect
much of him like to be fair like no one
knew him or anything like that however
he's done very well as the head coach
you know he had a step in and fill in
some big shoes and he's doing pretty
damn good at that you know I really like
working with him he was my positional
coach on hawaiians positional coats
before being our head coach and I would
say working with him has been a pleasure
now he's definitely been contributing to
thought wins as well anything you want
to say to all the fans out there
especially the golden Guardians fans who
are pretty hype I thought UC Berkeley
was here that Club and I'm sure I know
they were going crazy whenever you guys
were we're playing just now so anything
to anybody out there well I want to say
thanks to the UC Berkeley people for
coming out I believe their mascot is the
bear or something is kind of weird that
we pulled up my bear and the day that
they came out well it worked all right
so hopefully that we can keep getting
people to cheer for us permit for us
even though we're working on our best to
become a good team so that people can
support us and thank you for the people
that do I appreciate it and thanks for
the interview Travis as always thank you
so much hi for the interview and for
everyone else you didn't check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
I know you hang out for the habla all
right I can't she's not she's busy here
all hey guys uh anime is great JoJo's
Bizarre Adventure
interviews of its all take Travis follow
omni slash and subscribe is that does
that work did that does that make you
happy